Starlight Express is amazing and is really interesting because when and while all of the which are all the characters are skating they are singing and dancing at the same time while they are skating.
Starlight Express is interesting. For each production it is really big when they do it at the theaters has to be a lot and enough space for them. Because they have to skate. Because they skate a lot in Starlight Express. 
CATS The Musical 1998 is really good, and amazing. 
CATS The Musical 1998 is better than CATS The movie 2019.
I love all of the Costumes, Makeup, and Wigs in CATS The Musical 1998.   
The Dancing in CATS The Musical 1998 is amazing and awesome.
Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat 1999 Film is really good. 
Something that I noticed in one of the scenes in the beginning of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat 1999 Film is once the Narrator that is played by and is Maria Friedman opens both of the doors for Joseph this is played by and is Donny Osmond to enter. Once she opens the two doors there is dried ice.
In Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat 1999 Film in the beginning of the Any Dream Will Do you can see that there is dried ice.
In Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat 1999 Film during the song called Go Go Go Joseph two people that were each a Go Go Go Joseph dancer in the song Go Go Go Joseph were in CATS The Musical 1998. Which were Drew Varely and Veerle Casteleyn. 
Once they started taking off their hods before they were in their funky outfit you could see Veerle Casteleyn for one second when she was starting to take off her hood.
You could see Drew Varely a few times during the song. He was the one Go Go Go Joseph dance that was wearing a green tie and a hat with his funky outfit.
The Phantom of the Opera 2004 Film is really good.
In The Phantom of the Opera 2004 Film there are a lot of interesting and cool things that are in, that they did and made in The Phantom of the Opera 2004 Film.
In The Phantom of the Opera 2004 Film they made 3 Chandeliers. 
The first chandelier that was made was the broken chandelier which is the one that you at the auction scene when you see The Chandelier in pieces.
The second chandelier that was made was the chandelier that is hung up, and you see it in most of the film before the chandelier crashes.
The third chandelier that was made was the chandelier that is used for when the chandelier is crashing which is in the scene called The Chandelier.
In The Phantom of The Opera 2004 Film when and while Gerard Butler is playing the Phantom in The Phantom of The Opera 2004 Film he is wearing prosthetic makeup.
